Fix profile warning in getting started doc (#8456)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/getting-started/index.md

    selected to have a good set of defaults for testing, but there are other
    profiles for production or performance testing.

>     {{< warning >}}

Reviewer: An idea block may be preferable.

Author: IIUC, the demo profile doesn't work in OpenShift, so a warning is more appropriate.

>     If your platform has a custom demonstration profile, e.g., Openshift, use

Reviewer 2: We call the profiles different things in different places: ex: Some additional vendor-specific configuration profiles are also available. For a complete list, refer to Vendor Optimized Profiles.

>     If your platform has a custom demonstration profile, e.g., Openshift, use

Author: ```suggestion
    If your platform has a vendor-specific configuration profile, e.g., Openshift, use
```
